I'm good so what's gonna happen next
season our game of Thrones you can tell
us now still sworn to secrecy else once
the secrets yes is it just me or does it
feel like the finale was like five years
ago
it feels like five years we shot it like
18 months ago yeah it feels like it shot
a long time ago we saw what in May I
think it was yeah yeah man it seems like
it's been a long are people still
mentioning to you everywhere you go yes
yes
yes it's it's it's quite I've been
traveling quite a bit and it's it's
still do they have questions so they
want to know they're follow-ups they
know they have like this so they look at
you and then they go really close so
what did you really think about the
ending and there you go I thought was
great people were upset that Jamie went
back to Cersei yeah but it did tre it's
certainly women reason I thought it was
within reason made sense to me yeah but
I had this I was actually I was I was at
the airport I was I was flying in from
Canada and I was in LAX and this guy
comes up to me I'm getting a coffee and
he says hey man you look you look a lot
like Jaime Lannister and I said yeah no
I get that a lot and then he was kind of
waiting for me to go but I didn't I just
had my coffee right and then one of
those paparazzi guys came over you know
when they have the camera and they want
to catch you say something something
stupid that you eat he goes oh what do
you think about the ending and I said oh
oh you don't want to ask me about that
yeah ask this guy and he and then he
just goes to this guy he's like what
well III think that they butchered
George RR Martin's mission and I
[Laughter]
to give you a bad review in the poverty
line people are the worst they really
are so I know you sometimes go to these
Game of Thrones fan convention yes
including comic-con that's right but
you've got one that I never heard of
before
you haven't heard of bubble fest I never
heard a bubble fest where is bubble fest
is in Knoxville Tennessee Knoxville
Tennessee
yes and it's it's run by a guy called
Chris Lewis and I went there I have I I
like these these fan conventions and I
had this I want to do like a I'm we're
trying to shoot a documentary about this
world okay and that's why we went there
and and and it was it kind of lived up
to the billing have you ever seen did
you see that documentary Fire Island
like the fire I know about it I
understand about it's a history about a
big thing this guy organizes and it all
ghosts or IR festival yeah no Fire
Island is different fire festival yeah
and there is a documentary about firearm
but this is a fire festival yeah yeah
yeah and everyone's really upset yeah
everyone's fest was kind of like that
but everyone was still happy so it was
the opposite it was a bit of a show can
I say that sorry
you cannot know what you did so what are
you you should go to Papa Fez next year
it's working I mean Chuck Norris was
there what Chuck Norris was there I dug
Norris was that bubble dress no
attention and dr. bounty hunter and you
and me
Wow no did you interact with dog or
Chuck
they were like separate you couldn't
you'd they were it wasn't kind except to
me uh-huh I wasn't allowed there but but
what was interesting is because I'm from
Europe and of course I know Chuck Norris
but the first time I came to you know
him personally you know no I know no
often I said the first time I came to
the US was after his did his last show
so when I saw he was like the main draw
I thought well I mean really it was
packed
oh yeah I mean it was cuz he did Walker
Texas Ranger but he also had movies
before that you know I know but also 30
years ago no we don't forget I mean and
by the ways
sang-doo this for long
absolutely here in the United States you
know there will be a group of people
waiting at a Hilton and Burbank to see
you for many years to come
many lives to come thank God yeah no
kidding yeah you'll be the Kingslayer
when you're 95 years old and there are
worse things for sure things absolutely
so you want to make a documentary about
these things yeah no I just I find it
there's something really fascinating
about it you have so many people go
there because first when I got to went
to those things I thought this is a
weird world a lot of you know crazy
people do not have that in Denmark is
that not so but the thing is over the
last 10 years it's it's it's become a
global phenomenon it's it's it's massive
yes and it's also so it's also
attracting you know there's a purity in
in fandom right but then of course that
attracts a lot of people want to
monetize it got to make some money sure
so you have this whole thing of people
just having so much fun and then behind
the scenes it's a little sketch I see in
other words Chuck Norris hated being
there's what you're telling me he
cleaned up he hates his fans
Wow did you have something like that
when you were a kid that you were
obsessed with in that same way that
people become obsessed with you no I
didn't did you nothing
yeah a lot of things what masturbation
we didn't have a convention I just you
did on your head to myself I love
baseball and comic books and yeah oh
yeah also stuff like that I did all that
yeah sports yeah no of course but that
thing about having one person that you
just dedicated I mean I spoke to a woman
yesterday who was a fan of Martin Sheen
and who sent a letter to him and and he
was the reason that she's now in
Hollywood and like it was a whole story
like one of those stories where oh he
sent her a letter back clearly it wasn't
him and then she finds out later it was
him and they I mean it was a beautiful
story really entertaining order or it
goes it's a
it says like Martin should be alerted no
his security team might want to know
about this all right we're gonna take a
break we come back you're nominated for
an Emmy we'll talk about that oh yes oh
go ahead no no I have a friend of mine
called me from England he was like my
best friend Joe he says oh I just read
the paper in The Guardian they have this
amazing thing it's about all the
nominees who will win who should win and
I found your category it said who will
win Peter Dinklage who should win it's
not you you don't stand a chance
Oh Joe should not be your friend anymore
cause the wall that was here will be
right back Waldo is here you will be
seeing your cast mates this week yes for
have you seen that you haven't seen him
for I have seen them since the premiere
in May was it yes the Pope or the finale
rather yeah so you guys are you bringing
them all is everyone coming together I
think most of us are coming yeah and
then you know I've only we have like
this little whatsapp group that has
suddenly sprung to life again oh really
yeah oh that's fun so everybody who's on
the show is on it yeah who posts the
most who's me I think Rose now is
suddenly there might be some once in
there what what's that no Alfie Alfie
Allen he posted us whole songs play
Theon oh he does he has songs for
everyone yeah and people are excited
they they love it yeah they love it yeah
yeah any but who's the most who uses the
most emojis in the what's that most
emojis all at Gwen Gwendoline Christie
oh yeah she's an emoji fan and then lean
as well ileena as well oh wow wait
you're two ladies are big emoji oh yeah
so Peter he will very rarely but they'll
just be a thumbs up yeah I'm still here
geyser that I have no interest in
contagion
you're nominated against Peter yeah who
else is in your category he said Alfie
Alfie and Alfie and Peter yes yes and
Giancarlo as Jean Carlos Nieto better
call Saul they called Saul and you don't
have to know them all it's not like
you're
you're gonna play tennis against them or
something you're like oh I'll just
looking for something like when you
voted for me I wouldn't come across yeah
I think it's worse if you automatically
know everyone that's in your category I
know we just renamed this category the
Peter Dingle is counted yeah yeah it's
that simple yeah he is a great actor
though he couldn't be two of sup but he
did win last year yes and so maybe now
that people say alright well we'll
spread it around a little bit will you
have a speech prepared
no no not no why not well I'm not gonna
win it so let's see he's let's say
that's really lazy I'm not gonna win it
let's say your stupid friend Joe hadn't
sent you that article and you really
felt like okay I might win it shot would
you have a speechwriter you feel it's
bad luck
I maybe it's bad luck right do you have
a speech ready for these things never
well I always know I'm not gonna win and
so I never have anything yeah that's
exactly how I feel yeah all right well I
didn't know you know I'm just looking at
just two losers it's okay we're just
joking well it's good to see you I'll
see you at the Emmys on Sunday night
good luck maybe prepare a couple of
things just in case I will write a
couple names on the hand
Jimmy the hand yes although I guess
Peter Dinklage is the hand yeah Game of
Thrones is are still on HBO if you want
to watch it a nickel I coster-waldau
everybody we'll be right back hi I'm
Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed that
video hit subscribe and all your dreams
will come true assuming your dreams are
to watch more YouTube videos